eldest sister,
Come down and help. If you don't let me, I will repay you.
I was really helpful.
Talk again and again, knowing it's him.
How are you sick? Why are you arresting me?
We suspect you have a problem. Fuck you.
I just make cars. What's the problem?
Is he also a murderer? It's up to you.
This disease calls the police. Even if you call the police, it will be of no use.
All must die. Hey, I want to call the police.
Say, why do you want to get a car?
Get the car? No matter if you can catch the car or not,
You all must die. This is life.
Let's get off the fast car.
This one has to get off
Go to the maternity hospital and come out quickly, quickly, quickly
Let me order something